APIView for Rust (#9592)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/apiview/parsers/rust-api-parser/README.md

# Rust API Parser

This repository contains tools for cleaning and parsing  rustdoc output into API view. 
It includes two main folders: `clean-rust-doc-output` and `get-api-view`.

## clean-rust-doc-output

> This tool reads the JSON output generated by `rustdoc` and extracts the public API surface. It removes private items and generates a cleaned JSON file with only the public API.

Author: ```suggestion
This tool reads the JSON output generated by `rustdoc` and strips off unneeded items/metadata from the rustdoc generated JSON output w.r.t the APIView tool. Generates a scoped down version of the rustdoc output.
```

### Usage

1. Ensure you have Rust installed. If not, you can install it from [rust-lang.org](https://www.rust-lang.org/).
2. Navigate to the `clean-rust-doc-output` folder.
3. Run the tool using:
   ```sh
   cargo run
   ```

## get-api-view

> This TypeScript tool processes the cleaned JSON output from `clean-rust-doc-output` and generates a structured document representing the API view. It organizes the API elements into modules, functions, and other Rust constructs.

Author: ```suggestion
This TypeScript tool processes the cleaned JSON output from `clean-rust-doc-output` and generates a JSON document representing the API view. It organizes the API elements into modules, functions, and other Rust constructs.
```
